Adding text selection and focus section to the input and label topic (#1931)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/label_input.md

    <label igxLabel for="fullName">Full Name</label>
</igx-input-group>
```
#### Focus & Text Selection

You can add logic to force `focus` on input element using the [`igxFocus`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxfocusdirective.html) directive. 

```html
   ...
    <igx-input-group>
        <input igxInput [igxFocus]="isFocused" name="fullName" type="text" />
        <label igxLabel for="fullName">Full Name</label>
    </igx-input-group>
   ...
```
>[!NOTE]

> >To use the [`igxFocus`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxfocusdirective.html) directive you have to import the [`IgxFocusModule`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxfocusmodule.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>To use the [`igxFocus`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxfocusdirective.html) directive, you have to import the [`IgxFocusModule`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxfocusmodule.html).
```

> If you want to select the entire text in `igxInput` element on focus event you have to enable the [`igxTextSelection`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtextselectiondirective.html) directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want the text in an input element, marked with `igxInput`, to be selected on focus, you have to enable the [`igxTextSelection`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtextselectiondirective.html) directive.
```

```html

>    ...
>     <igx-input-group>
>         <input igxInput [igxTextSelection]="true" [igxFocus]="isFocused" name="fullName" type="text" />
>         <label igxLabel for="fullName">Full Name</label>
>     </igx-input-group>
>     <igx-input-group>
>         <input igxInput [igxTextSelection]="true" name="email" type="text" />
>         <label igxLabel for="email">Email</label>
>     </igx-input-group>
>    ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<igx-input-group>
    <input igxInput [igxTextSelection]="true" [igxFocus]="isFocused" name="fullName" type="text" />
    <label igxLabel for="fullName">Full Name</label>
</igx-input-group>

<igx-input-group>
    <input igxInput [igxTextSelection]="true" name="email" type="text" />
    <label igxLabel for="email">Email</label>
</igx-input-group>
```

```
>[!NOTE]

> >To use the [`igxTextSelection`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtextselectiondirective.html) directive you have to import the [`IgxTextSelectionModule`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtextselectionmodule.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>To use the [`igxTextSelection`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtextselectiondirective.html) directive, you have to import the [`IgxTextSelectionModule`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtextselectionmodule.html).
```
